# Good Morning!

## Please Log In To Your VMs

- https://class.hypertheory-labs.com/guacamole/#
- _First Login_ is your `studentx` and `Hypertheory_Training!`
- _Second Login_ is `student` and the password you supplied.

**Let Me Know If You Need Help, Please!**

## Today

- Resetting Your Code

- Code Organization for Teams
  - Providing Services Review
  - The dreaded `@Injectable({providedIn: 'root'})`
  - Lazy Loading Routes and Components etc.
- State Management
  - Application State
    - The running instance of the application in the user's browser.
      - The "mode" they are in (route)
      - The content of a form.
  - User State
    - State associated with a specific user of the application
      - ephemeral preferences
        - "when I search for something, I like to see 25 results at a time"
        - Signal Store is great for this stuff.
      - browser-scoped preferences
        - "I like to use the Synthwave theme"
          - Save in localStorage, of IndexedDb, etc.
        - Autocomplete attributes (FOR THE LOVE OF KIER DO THIS!)
        - Responsive design
        - Light-mode vs. dark mode based on OS preferences.
      - User-scoped
        - Not limited to a particular browser or browser session.
        - Must be persisted centrally, usually an API.
        - e.g. Google Calendar, shopping cart, bank balance, etc.
        - Requires authorization header
          - Or cookies
          - "session" - could be OIDC/Oauth2, etc.
        - Often can be "optimistically" transactional.
          - e.g. If I'm adding an event to MY calendar, do I need to wait for the API to acknowledge it?
            - If I'm adding an item to my shopping cart...
        - Keep in mind that a single user may have multiple instances of the same app running in different browsers, tabs, devices.
          - If I add an item to my cart using the app on my phone, and I also have that app open on a desktop browser, the states diverge.
          - "Pushing" data is possible
            - Polling
            - Web Sockets
  - Server State (Shared State)
    - Data from "outside" that is shared across sets of users in your application.
    - A product list, price list, employee directory, etc.
    - Maybe more "volatile" that user state (likelihood of changes \* number of concurrent users)
    - Often used to provide data for a user "making decisions"
      - "Since the eggs are this price, I shall buy them."
    - Server state as "reference data".
      - Highly concurrent server state should be read only, e.g. no "optimistic" updates.
      - Enforce synchronicity - "Based on this list of prices that were current when I requested the data, I want to change the price of item 1."
        - Send the side effect (POST, PUT, DELETE, etc).
        - Invalidate the data you were referencing and re-request it.
    - API access, Observables, Signals, etc.
